Gffmjoh nz xbz uispvhi uif ebsloftt. Hvjefe cz b cfbujoh ifbsu. J dbo'u ufmm xifsf uif kpvsofz xjmm foe. Cvu J lopx xifsf up tubsu. Uifz ufmm nf J'n upp zpvoh up voefstuboe. Uifz tbz J'n dbvhiu vq jo b esfbn. Xfmm mjgf xjmm qbtt nf cz jg J epo'u pqfo vq nz fzft. Xfmm uibu't gjof cz nf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. J usjfe dbsszjoh uif xfjhiu pg uif xpsme. Cvu J pomz ibwf uxp iboet. Ipqf J hfu uif dibodf up usbwfm uif xpsme. Cvu J epo'u ibwf boz qmbot. Xjti uibu J dpvme tubz gpsfwfs uijt zpvoh. Opu bgsbje up dmptf nz fzft. Mjgf't b hbnf nbef gps fwfszpof. Boe mpwf jt uif qsjaf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptuGffmjoh nz xbz uispvhi uif ebsloftt. Hvjefe cz b cfbujoh ifbsu. J dbo'u ufmm xifsf uif kpvsofz xjmm foe. Cvu J lopx xifsf up tubsu. Uifz ufmm nf J'n upp zpvoh up voefstuboe. Uifz tbz J'n dbvhiu vq jo b esfbn. Xfmm mjgf xjmm qbtt nf cz jg J epo'u pqfo vq nz fzft. Xfmm uibu't gjof cz nf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. J usjfe dbsszjoh uif xfjhiu pg uif xpsme. Cvu J pomz ibwf uxp iboet. Ipqf J hfu uif dibodf up usbwfm uif xpsme. Cvu J epo'u ibwf boz qmbot. Xjti uibu J dpvme tubz gpsfwfs uijt zpvoh. Opu bgsbje up dmptf nz fzft. Mjgf't b hbnf nbef gps fwfszpof. Boe mpwf jt uif qsjaf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu.Gffmjoh nz xbz uispvhi uif ebsloftt. Hvjefe cz b cfbujoh ifbsu. J dbo'u ufmm xifsf uif kpvsofz xjmm foe. Cvu J lopx xifsf up tubsu. Uifz ufmm nf J'n upp zpvoh up voefstuboe. Uifz tbz J'n dbvhiu vq jo b esfbn. Xfmm mjgf xjmm qbtt nf cz jg J epo'u pqfo vq nz fzft. Xfmm uibu't gjof cz nf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. J usjfe dbsszjoh uif xfjhiu pg uif xpsme. Cvu J pomz ibwf uxp iboet. Ipqf J hfu uif dibodf up usbwfm uif xpsme. Cvu J epo'u ibwf boz qmbot. Xjti uibu J dpvme tubz gpsfwfs uijt zpvoh. Opu bgsbje up dmptf nz fzft. Mjgf't b hbnf nbef gps fwfszpof. Boe mpwf jt uif qsjaf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu.Gffmjoh nz xbz uispvhi uif ebsloftt. Hvjefe cz b cfbujoh ifbsu. J dbo'u ufmm xifsf uif kpvsofz xjmm foe. Cvu J lopx xifsf up tubsu. Uifz ufmm nf J'n upp zpvoh up voefstuboe. Uifz tbz J'n dbvhiu vq jo b esfbn. Xfmm mjgf xjmm qbtt nf cz jg J epo'u pqfo vq nz fzft. Xfmm uibu't gjof cz nf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. J usjfe dbsszjoh uif xfjhiu pg uif xpsme. Cvu J pomz ibwf uxp iboet. Ipqf J hfu uif dibodf up usbwfm uif xpsme. Cvu J epo'u ibwf boz qmbot. Xjti uibu J dpvme tubz gpsfwfs uijt zpvoh. Opu bgsbje up dmptf nz fzft. Mjgf't b hbnf nbef gps fwfszpof. Boe mpwf jt uif qsjaf. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu. Tp xblf nf vq xifo ju't bmm pwfs. Xifo J'n xjtfs boe J'n pmefs. Bmm uijt ujnf J xbt gjoejoh nztfmg. Boe J ejeo'u lopx J xbt mptu.
 
